hello guys today I'm gonna show you how
to unlock the costume from head soccer
game okay see my custom is already open
mostly haha and then the SS ring is open
many many of them okay I'm gonna show
you how to op open the unlock the custom
okay first you go to survival mode and
then play with your favorite character
[Music]
okay win the first for stitch and then
and then I post the game go to home and
force close the game then reopen at
soccer
okay after you reopen the game you can
go to the tournament click and head cup
to find your custom that you want to
unlock okay I'm gonna go to head cup
okay find your favorite custom okay
maybe this and then go to home
so 500 and continue
so 500 Casey cyborg is appear on stats
20 this is that's 0 and then we against
we versus this sidewalk Casey the
sidewalk now wearing the custom that we
need to unlock you just bit the sidewalk
and you
unlock the custom Cassie ah very easy
you can do
[Music]
you can do it again and again until you
open all your custom okay we see the new
custom the blue envelope okay this is SS
ring custom okay very easy you can
practice the method in your head soccer
iPhone or iPod version or Android
version is its work in put both device
if you liked this video you can
subscribe my channel for another video
like this and then thanks for watching
bye